INTMDB-655: PAK Resource Updates + Doc Cleanup + Deprecation Warnings (#1208)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: examples/atlas-api-key/create-and-assign-pak-seperately/README.md

> # MongoDB Atlas Provider -- Create and Assign PAK Separately

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# MongoDB Atlas Provider -- Create and Assign PAK Separately (Deprecated) 

Note this functionality has been deprecated and will be removed in v1.12.0. Instead suggest see examples for Create and Assign PAK Together + Create and Assign PAK to Multiple Projects.
```

> # MongoDB Atlas Provider -- Create and Assign PAK sepeerately

Reviewer 2: All three examples are really good but this whole area can be hard to understand if the UI is your main PAK experience.  In the UI one has organization keys and project keys - if one looks closely you can tell  all are really  org keys and are simply assigned to projects but that's not as clear as it is in the Admin API.  I think an intro README at the atlas-api-key folder level explaining this and why we provided 3 examples would be very useful.   It's not a blocker to this PR but I think would be a good follow up, perhaps for the docs team?  cc @Zuhairahmed

Reviewer: Added this atlas-api-key README file directly, feel free to share any additional comments @zach-carr and @themantissa!

> # MongoDB Atlas Provider -- Create and Assign PAK sepeerately

Reviewer 3: [typo]
```suggestion
# MongoDB Atlas Provider -- Create and Assign PAK Separately
```

> This example creates an organization API Key and access list showing how to attach cidr_block.

Reviewer 3: Small suggestion for clarity
```suggestion
This example creates an organization API Key and access list, showing how to attach a CIDR block.
```

Variables Required to be set:
- `project_id`: ID of the Atlas project
- `org_id`: ID of Atlas organization
- `public_key`: Atlas public key
- `private_key`: Atlas  private key

> For this example, we will setup organization api key and attach access list to it.

Reviewer 3: Editing for clarity and consistency 
```suggestion
In this example, we will set up an organization API key and attach an access list to it.
```
